W-15083030 Publish Mule Project to Exchange - October Release (#354)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/int-export-mule-project.adoc

To deploy an app directly from Anypoint Code Builder, see
xref:int-deploy-mule-apps.adoc[].

> * A <<publishable, publishable Mule project template or example>> contains resources to share the project via Anypoint Exchange (Exchange).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A <<publishable, publishable Mule project template or example>> contains resources to share the project via Anypoint Exchange.
```

Reviewer: (I don't think you need to reference the short name.)

+

> You or your teammates can import the Mule project from Exchange and continue developing in Anypoint Code Builder or Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You or your teammates can import the Mule project from Exchange and continue developing in Anypoint Code Builder or Anypoint Studio.
```

Reviewer: (first instance = full name)

Author: Hi @hannanelson, this is actually the second instance (the first is mentioned in the legacy content). So I don't think we need the "Anypoint"?

The file name for the downloaded deployable JAR file follows the pattern `_application_name_-_version_-SNAPSHOT-mule-application.jar`, for example: `my-app-example-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-mule-application.jar`.

[[publishable]]
== Publish a Mule Project to Exchange

You can publish a project as either a template or an example.

> A _project template_ is a pre-configured, reusable project setup that serves as a starting point for developing Mule applications. These templates are designed to provide a structured framework that includes common configurations, example code, and best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _project template_ is a pre-configured, reusable project setup that serves as a starting point for developing Mule applications. These templates provide a structured framework that includes common configurations, example code, and best practices.
```

> A _project example_ is a sample application that demonstrates specific functionalities or use cases. These examples are designed to provide practical, real-world scenarios to help developers understand how to implement various features and integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _project example_ is a sample application that demonstrates specific functionalities or use cases. These examples provide practical, real-world scenarios to help developers implement various features and integrations.
```

> To publish a Mule Project to Exchange as either a template or an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish a Mule project to Exchange as either a template or an example:
```

> . Open and place your cursor in the configuration XML file in a project for the Mule project to publish.

Reviewer 2: they can access from either the command palette or from right clicking one of the project's xml files in file explorer, that brings up a menu that should also contain 'publish to exchange' option

// Pointer to Command Palette
include::partial$acb-reusable-steps.adoc[tags="open-command-palette"]
. Select the following command:
+
[source,command]
----
MuleSoft: Publish Mule Project to Exchange
----

. Select an *Asset Type*.
+
Select either an *Example* or a *Template*.
. Ensure that the following fields contain the correct values for your asset:
+
image::publish-project-to-exchange-dialog.png["Form for publishing a project to Exchange",width=55%]
+
[%header,cols="20a,60a"]
|===
| Field Name | Field Value

> | *Asset Name* | The name that Exchange uses to identify the published project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *Asset Name* | Name that Exchange uses to identify the published project
```

Author: Fixed!

> | *Version* | The version number to be displayed in the *Version* section of the page that Exchange creates for the asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *Version* | Version number to display in the *Version* section of the page that Exchange creates for the asset
```

Author: Fixed!

If you are publishing the asset for the first time, you can use any valid number. A typical starting version is `1.0.0`.

> If you are republishing the asset, Anypoint Code Builder automatically populates the *Version* field with the existing patch level number incremented by 1. You can change this number, but the republish fails if you use a version number that has already been used to publish a stable version of this asset.

Reviewer 2: not sure if necessary detail, but we increment the version number using the version defined in the project's pom file, not from the version last published on exchange. the idea is that they should be the same, but there is a case where the pom file version is different than what is on exchange.

> | *Description* | An optional description of your asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *Description* | Optional description of your asset
```

Author: Fixed!

> | *Business Group* | The business unit in Anypoint Platform to which the asset belongs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *Business Group* | Business unit in Anypoint Platform that the asset belongs to
```

Author: Fixed!

> | *Group ID* | The ID of the business unit in Anypoint Platform to which the asset belongs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *Group ID* | ID of the business unit in Anypoint Platform that the asset belongs to
```

Reviewer: (taking out the leading article for scannability and avoiding "to which" in favor of the less formal...)

Author: Fixed!

> | *Artifact ID* | A unique ID that Exchange uses to identify the published asset. Use the default value unless there is a published asset with the same ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *Artifact ID* | Unique ID that Exchange uses to identify the published asset. Use the default value unless a published asset has the same ID.
```

Reviewer: Oh dang, I took out all those periods because I thought these were all fragments. Ignore me.

Author: Hey @hannanelson, just so I'm 150% clear - the periods in all these table cells should remain? Even if some of the sentences are fragments? I guess my question is really: If at least one cell contains a complete sentence with a period, then all the cells should have periods, even if they contain fragments? I'll also check the Style Guide about this.

Reviewer: Yes, exactly:  If at least one cell contains a complete sentence with a period, then all the cells should have periods. (I usually try to restructure any anomalies to make them all fragments...YMMV.) The same applies to bullet lists.

|===

> . In *Advanced Options*, ensure that the following fields contain the correct values for your asset:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Advanced Options*, make sure that these fields contain the correct values for your asset:
```

+

> image::publish-project-to-exchange-advanced-dialog.png["Form for publishing a project to Exchange",width=55%]

Reviewer: We avoid using hard-coded widths...

Author: Fixed!

+
[%header,cols="20a,60a"]
|===
| Field Name | Field Value

> | *Tags* | The descriptors that Exchange uses to search for assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *Tags* | Descriptors that Exchange uses to search for assets.
```

> | *Categories* | The category that was previously added to Exchange. Refer to the xref:exchange::to-manage-categories.adoc[Manage Categories] documentation to learn how to create Categories for your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *Categories* | Category that was previously added to Exchange. Refer to the xref:exchange::to-manage-categories.adoc[Manage Categories] documentation to learn how to create Categories for your organization.
```

Reviewer: Do you need the hard-coded link text here?

Author: Fixed! I removed the hard-coded link text. Also, I removed the article from "Category".

|===

> . In *Advanced Options*, check the *Keep your local and published project in sync* box to sync your local project information with the data you entered. If not checked, your project is deployed with the provided data, but your local project remains with the original information and is not updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Advanced Options*, select the *Keep your local and published project in sync* checkbox to sync your local project information with the data you entered. If deselected, your project deploys with the provided data, but your local project doesn't include the updated information.
```

> . Select *Publish*.

Reviewer: Is this a button? If so, then Click.

Author: Fixed!

> The publication of your project as a new asset begins. Once publication succeeds, select *View Asset* to view the asset in Exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The publication of your project as a new asset begins. After publication succeeds, select *View Asset* to view the asset in Exchange.
```
